 

1. Tell me about yourself.

Currently, I serve as the assistant to three of the company's five executive team members, including the CEO. 
From my 12 years of experience as an executive assistant, I've developed the ability to anticipate roadblocks and create effective alternative plans. My greatest value to any executive is my ability to work independently, freeing up their time to focus on the needs of the business. 
It's clear that you're looking for someone who understands the nuances of managing a CEO's busy day and can proactively tackle issues. As someone with an eye for detail and a drive to organize, I thrive on making sure every day has a clear plan and every plan is clearly communicated.

 
2. How would you describe yourself?

I would say that as a security officer, I'm vigilant, proactive and committed to ensuring safe, secure, and orderly environments. In my last incident response rating, I received a 99% against the team average, which has been at around 97% over the past 3 years. I like to be thorough, documenting all incidents. I'm also a lifelong learner, always seeking out the latest security equipment and techniques to patrol buildings. I frequently make suggestions to management about security improvements and changes as my motivation comes from making a meaningful contribution.


3. What makes you unique?

What makes me unique is my experience of having spent four years in retail. Because I've had first-hand experience fielding shoppers' questions, feedback and complaints, I know what customers want. I know what it takes to create a positive consumer experience because I've had that direct interaction, working directly with consumers in person.
 

4. Why do you want to work here?

The company's mission to help college grads pay off their student loan debt speaks to me. I've been in that situation, and I'd love the opportunity to work with a company that's making a difference. Finding a company with a positive work environment and values that align with my own has remained a priority throughout my job search, and this company ranks at the top of the list.
 

5. What interests you about this role?

Making a meaningful difference in the lives of my patients and their families motivates me to strive for excellence in everything I do. I look forward to seeing their reaction when we get a positive outcome that will change their lives forever. Like the family of a young boy we treated last year. At eight years old, he had experienced rapid weight gain and signs of depression. His parents described him as a usually joyful child, but now he seemed disengaged and uninterested in his typical schedule. In the end, we determined that it was hypothyroidism which is, of course, controllable with medication. The boy is adjusting well to the treatment and has returned to his joyful self. That's why I became a nurse and why I'm pursuing a position in pediatrics.
 

6. What motivates you?

Making a true a difference in the lives of my patients and their families motivates me to strive for excellence in everything I do. I look forward to seeing my patient's reaction when we get a positive outcome that will change their lives forever. That's why I became a nurse, and why I'm pursuing a position in pediatrics.
 

7. What are you passionate about?

As an experienced, service-oriented professional with more than a decade of experience working in boutique salons, I thrive on creating a welcoming environment for all clients and providing the highest quality skincare services. My specialized training and strong interpersonal skills have helped me become adept at developing long-term, trusted relationships that help to build a loyal client base. Some of my clients have been with me since the beginning—more than ten years now. These relationships are the reason I'm excited to go to work every day.
 

8. Why are you leaving your current job?

I'm looking for an opportunity that gives me the ability to build closer, long-term relationships with clients. In my current role, the sales cycle is so short that I don't spend as much time building a rapport with my customers as I'd like. Relationship-building is one of the reasons I chose a career in sales, and I look forward to working with a company where that's a top priority.

 

9. What are your greatest strengths?
I'm a natural problem-solver. I find it rewarding to dig deep and uncover solutions to challenges—it's like solving a puzzle. It's something I've always excelled at, and something I enjoy. Much of product development is about finding innovative solutions to challenging issues, which is what drew me to this career path in the first place.


10. What are your greatest weaknesses?

Earlier in my career I noticed that because I was so enthusiastic about my work, I had a tendency to say 'yes' when I should have been saying 'no.' At one point I ended up so overwhelmed by my workload, taking on so many projects, that I was working evenings and weekends. It was stressful, and that stress affected my production quality. I realized this was counterproductive, so I started using workload management tools to set better expectations for myself and my teammates.
 
  

11. What are your goals for the future?

I would like to continue developing my marketing expertise as well as my leadership skills over the next several years. One of the reasons I'm interested in working for a fast-growing startup company is that I'll have the ability to wear many hats and collaborate with many different departments. I believe this experience will serve me well in achieving my ultimate goal of someday leading a marketing department.
 

12. Where do you see yourself in five years?

In five years, I'd like to be an industry expert in my field, able to train and mentor students and entry-level designers alike. I would also like to gain specialized experience in user experience to be a well-rounded contributor working with design and marketing teams on large-scale projects that make a difference both in the company and the global community.
 

13. Can you tell me about a difficult work situation and how you overcame it?

It was the first day of my boss's two-week vacation and our agency's highest-paying client threatened to leave because he didn't feel he was getting the personalized service he was promised. I spent my lunch hour on the phone with him, talking through his concerns. We even brainstormed ideas for his next campaign. He was so grateful for the personal attention that he signed another six-month contract before my boss even returned from her trip.
 

14. What is your salary range expectation?

My salary expectation is between $70000 and $90000, which is the average salary for a candidate with my level of experience in this city. However, I am flexible.

 

15. Why should we hire you?
I have a passion for application development that's grown stronger over the course of my career. The company's mission aligns with my personal values and, from my limited time in the office, I can already tell this is the sort of positive culture in which I would thrive. I want to work for a company that has the potential to reshape the industry, and I believe you're doing just that.



16. Do you have any questions?
What do you love about working for this company? “What would success look like in this role? “What are some of the challenges people typically face in this position?


17. What did you like most about your last position?

What I liked most about my last position the ability contribute in a collaborative way with other teams. Each team member was encouraged to bring new ideas to the project which were respectfully considered by all. For example, we once worked with a client who was relying on us to solve a critical issue. Our team met to discuss the situation. After I recommended a plan to resolve the issue, we took time considering the pros and the cons of the solution, building on how to make the idea better and more comprehensive. When we implemented it, it worked better and faster than everyone expected. The client was very pleased. 

 

18. What did you like least about your last position?

While I enjoyed my time learning and growing in my last job, there was a lack of opportunity in the way I wanted to progress in my career. I deeply enjoy being challenged and getting better at what I do, which I understand is a top priority for managers at your organization. That's why I'm excited to continue having conversations about this opportunity.

 

19. How do you handle stress?

I'm able to stay calm when I focus on the bigger picture and break down my projects into smaller tasks. What is the ultimate goal I'm trying to achieve? From there, I make a list of action items with reasonable deadlines. Even if the big project is due tomorrow, I ask myself, 'What's something I can tackle in the next 30 minutes?' Before I know it, I've made significant progress and that impossible project doesn't seem so impossible.


 

20. What is your greatest accomplishment? 

In my last role, I managed all social media content. I noticed other brands were experimenting with videos and seeing great engagement from their customers, so I asked my boss if we could do a low-budget test. She agreed, so I produced a video cheaply in-house that drove double the engagement we normally saw on our social channels. It also drove conversions, with 30% of viewers visiting to our website within a week of seeing the video.
 

21. What is your teaching philosophy? 

When it comes to managing people, my teaching philosophy is to start by asking questions that hopefully get the person to come to a new conclusion on their own. This way, they feel ownership over the learning rather than feeling micro-managed. For example, in my last role, I was editing an article written by a copywriter I managed. The story didn't have a clear focus or hook. In a one-on-one meeting, I asked her what she thought was the main point of the article if she had to sum it up in a sentence. From there, I asked if she thought the focus was clear in the article. She didn't think it was clear and instead thought she should rework her introduction and conclusion. As a result, the article improved and my direct report learned a valuable writing lesson that she carried into her future work.


 

22. What does customer service mean to you? 

In my experience, good customer service involves taking responsibility when something goes wrong and doing what you can to make it right. For example, on a recent flight, I had pre-ordered my meal only to discover they didn't stock enough of my dish. Instead of simply stating the facts, the flight attendant apologized sincerely and offered me a free drink or premium snack. To me, this apology went a long way in smoothing things over. The freebie was an added bonus that made me feel valued as a customer and choose the same airline for my next flight.



23 What do you know about our company?
You're one of the largest investment banks in the US. Your headquarters is in Raleigh, NC, and you have 25,000 employees worldwide based on what I read on your website


24.How did you hear about the position?
Your company was recommended to me by somebody I worked with in a previous job and had heard good things about your organization

25. Why did you apply for this position?
Since beginning my career, I've wanted to work for a larger organization in this industry, and I know you're one of the leaders in this space. I'm very interested in your products/services, especially the mobile applications you're building recently, so I'd be excited to come here and grow my skills with an organization like yours.


26. Why are you looking to leave your current company?
I'm looking for more leadership opportunities. I've been at my company for three years and have really enjoyed the experience but I feel in order to take the next step in my career, it'd be helpful to join a larger organization and use what I've learned in the past to lead more projects. That's why this Project Manager role excited me.        

27. Tell us about a challenge you've faced and how you handled it
In my last job, we were facing a tough deadline and my boss was out for the day. Our client was expecting a project to be delivered by 5PM, but we were far behind schedule. I took the lead on the project, delegated tasks to the four other team members in a way that I thought would utilize everyone's strengths best. And then I re-organized my own personal tasks so I could dedicate my entire day to contributing to this project as well. The project was a success and we delivered the work on-time. I went on to lead more projects after that, and used what I learned to be a better project manager.

28. Do you have any questions for us?
Right now I'm focused on finding a job that's the right fit for my career. Once I've done that, I'm willing to consider an offer you feel is fair, but I do not have a specific number in mind yet, and my priority is to find a position that's a great fit for me

29. Why do you want to work here?
I've been actively searching for jobs since graduating with my Nursing degree. I'm interested in intensive care and emergency medicine and I've seen your hospital mentioned as having one of the best ER's in the region. I thought the job description matched up well with my background, and saw some of my personal strengths mentioned, like multitasking and being able to thrive in a fast paced environment, so I'd love to begin my career here.

30. Why did you leave your last job?
I was hired for a project management role, but over time that changed and I was no longer being given the opportunity to do the work I was interested in. I left to pursue an opportunity that I felt was more aligned with what I've chosen to focus on in my career

